# PainterQB.E5071CModule


## Methods [Internal]

---

<a id="method__generate_configure.1" class="lexicon_definition"></a>
#### generate_configure{S<:PainterQB.Instrument, T<:PainterQB.InstrumentProperty}(instype::Type{S<:PainterQB.Instrument},  command::ASCIIString,  proptype::Type{T<:PainterQB.InstrumentProperty}) [¶](#method__generate_configure.1)
```
generate_configure{S<:Instrument,T<:InstrumentProperty}(instype::Type{S},
        command::ASCIIString, proptype::Type{T}, returntype...)
```

This command takes an `Instrument` subtype `InsType`, a VISA command, an
`InstrumentProperty` type, and possibly an argument. It will generate one of the
following methods in the module where `generate_inspect` is defined:

```
configure(ins::InsType, PropertySubtype)
configure(ins::InsType, Property, values..., infixes...)
```


*source:*
[PainterQB\src\Metaprogramming.jl:93](https://github.com/ajkeller34/PainterQB.jl/tree/c95a05838a4e95130c5ed4e923b395c3343d3178/src\Metaprogramming.jl#L93)

---

<a id="method__generate_handlers.1" class="lexicon_definition"></a>
#### generate_handlers{T<:PainterQB.Instrument}(insType::Type{T<:PainterQB.Instrument},  responseDict::Dict{K, V}) [¶](#method__generate_handlers.1)
### generate_handlers

`generate_handlers{T<:Instrument}(insType::Type{T}, responseDict::Dict)`

Each instrument can have a `responseDict`. For each setting of the instrument,
for instance the `ClockSource`, we need to know the correspondence between a
logical state `ExternalClock` and how the instrument encodes that logical state
(e.g. "EXT").
The `responseDict` is actually a dictionary of dictionaries. The first level keys
are like `ClockSource` and the second level keys are like "EXT", with the value
being `:ExternalClock`. Undoubtedly
this nested dictionary is "nasty" (in the technical parlance) but the dictionary
is only used for code
creation and is not used at run-time (if the code works as intended).

This function makes a lot of other functions. Given some response from an instrument,
we require a function to map that response back on to the appropiate logical state.

`ClockSource(ins::AWG5014C, res::AbstractString)`
returns an `InternalClock` or `ExternalClock` type as appropriate,
based on the logical meaning of the response.

We also want a function to generate logical states without having to know the way
they are encoded by the instrument.

`code(ins::AWG5014C, ::Type{InternalClock})` returns "INT",
with "INT" encoding how to pass this logical state to the instrument `ins`.


*source:*
[PainterQB\src\Metaprogramming.jl:213](https://github.com/ajkeller34/PainterQB.jl/tree/c95a05838a4e95130c5ed4e923b395c3343d3178/src\Metaprogramming.jl#L213)

---

<a id="method__generate_inspect.1" class="lexicon_definition"></a>
#### generate_inspect{S<:PainterQB.Instrument, T<:PainterQB.InstrumentProperty}(instype::Type{S<:PainterQB.Instrument},  command::ASCIIString,  proptype::Type{T<:PainterQB.InstrumentProperty},  ::Type{PainterQB.NoArgs}) [¶](#method__generate_inspect.1)
```
generate_inspect{S<:Instrument,T<:InstrumentProperty}(instype::Type{S},
        command::ASCIIString, proptype::Type{T}, returntype...)
```

This command takes an `Instrument` subtype `instype`, a VISA command, an
`InstrumentProperty` subtype `proptype`, and possibly an argument. It will
generate the following method in the module where `generate_inspect` is defined:

`inspect(ins::instype, ::Type{proptype}, infixes::Int...)`

The `infixes` variable argument allows for numbers to be inserted within the
commands, for instance in `OUTP#:FILT:FREQ`, where the `#` sign should be
replaced by an integer. The replacements are done in the order of the arguments.
Error checking is done on the number of arguments.

For a given property, `inspect` will return either an InstrumentProperty subtype,
a number, a boolean, or a string as appropriate.


*source:*
[PainterQB\src\Metaprogramming.jl:32](https://github.com/ajkeller34/PainterQB.jl/tree/c95a05838a4e95130c5ed4e923b395c3343d3178/src\Metaprogramming.jl#L32)

---

<a id="method__generate_properties.1" class="lexicon_definition"></a>
#### generate_properties{S<:PainterQB.InstrumentProperty}(subtype::Symbol,  supertype::Type{S<:PainterQB.InstrumentProperty}) [¶](#method__generate_properties.1)
Makes parametric subtypes and gives constructors. Also defines a code method.

*source:*
[PainterQB\src\Metaprogramming.jl:176](https://github.com/ajkeller34/PainterQB.jl/tree/c95a05838a4e95130c5ed4e923b395c3343d3178/src\Metaprogramming.jl#L176)

